Because I think the approach of Chinese innovators, first start from trying to address a problem, solve a problem.
And if we look at much of the developing world, it really isn't about access to advanced technologies that matters.
But it's really about adoptability.
Very interesting.
Since you mentioned about the US-China rivalry, maybe we can end with that question.
So do you think it's still possible for China and US to reach a deal? What would the deal look like?
You know, it's very interesting that Mr. Trump or President Trump's view of China seems to be evolving over time.
We don't really know, but I think that in terms of competition, it's always going to be there.
US and Japan competition was quite ferocious in major tech sectors, but it really pushed US to improve.
US to spend a lot more on its innovation system and reform its innovation system.
And in turn, so did Japan, and as a result, we all have cheaper, better products.